You can think clearly about this mountain.
Now he doesn't have any property, a white water sword, you have to give up cooperation with Egret International for such a person.
You're too smart.
The whole army of genius
A Generation of Business Legends
As for Quang Lang king, you are the king of different people.
But Chen Mo also disagrees with your point of view.
Tran Hai Real Tai
Please hand over 70% of the shares.
Let the reinforcements become our president.
Tran Hai
Deliver hands to cultivate 70% regardless.
Do you know what you're talking about?
The White Crane does not know the Dragon's Foot.
I am waiting for the Deputy Yuan Quan to humble himself here to practice.
Our achievements will be ten times, a hundred times what they are now.
Count it that way.
I'd better report it.
In that case.
Then the cooperation between Egret International and Xinglian can also be cancelled.
What?
Do you dare to ask how much this partnership agreement is worth?
Trillion value
What can the sponsor not cancel cooperation?
this trillion orders
Even I, the White Master International, could not bear such a great loss.